Improve the README.md document (#2)
tikv/copr-test: README.md

The test will fail if the test contains some functions that are not implemented in `Coprocessor`.

## How to add test cases?

- Test cases location
    
    All test cases should be placed in the `push-down-test/sql` directory (a sub-directory of push-down-test/sql is also allowed, You can organize them in different directories), and all SQL files will be executed in alphabetical order by file names.
    So if your case want to prepare some data before running tests, you can add some suffix to the file name, eg: `xxx.1.sql` and `xxx.2.sql`.
    
- Test case file name convention

    Files ending with the .sql suffix will be treated as test cases and other files will be ignored.
    
- Test case example

    ```sql
    create table tb2
    (
    date datetime,
    date_2 datetime,
    date_3 datetime
    );
    insert into tb2 (date, date_2, date_3)
    values ('1-1-1:10:10', '1-2-1:10:10', '1-2-1:10:10');
    select *
    from tb2;
    SELECT CAST(date AS time), cast(date_2 as date), cast(date_3 as date)
    from tb2;
    ```

## How to run a test case in your local environment?

As the integration test for TiKV Coprocessor, `copr-test` requires a minimal requirement to run 

> run in your local environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in your local environment.
```

### Minimal requirements per component

- PD: [PD](https://github.com/pingcap/pd) is the abbreviation for Placement Driver. It is used to manage and schedule the TiKV cluster.

    1. Make sure ​Go​ (version 1.12) is installed.
    2. Use `make` to build PD (the binary will be placed in the `bin` directory).

- TiKV: [Building and setting up a development workspace](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#building-and-setting-up-a-development-workspace)
- TiDB: [Building TiDB on a local OS/shell environment](https://github.com/pingcap/community/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#building-tidb-on-a-local-osshell-environment)

> `copr-test` integration test retrieves the source code of the TiDB master branch automatically, but you can also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`copr-test` integration test retrieves the source code from the TiDB master branch automatically, but you can also
```

> specify a local path by using `$tidb_src_dir`. This  means you should only prepare

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specify source code of your selection at a local path by using `$tidb_src_dir`. This  means you should only prepare
```

> the build environment for it. The binaries of TiKV and PD should be provided by environment variables (`$pd_bin` and `$tikv_bin`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the build environment for it. The binaries of TiKV and PD are provided via environment variables (`$pd_bin` and `$tikv_bin`).
```

## What is `copr-test`

The `copr-test` is the integration test for `Coprocessor` of the TiKV. The `Coprocessor` is used to execute TiDB push-down
executor to improve the database performance. It's important to keep execution result consistent between TiDB and `Coprocessor`.
This is the purpose of `copr-test`.

The basic principle of `copr-test` is to execute test cases in TiDB standalone (with `mocktikv`) and TiDB cluster (with `Coprocessor`)
and compare the execution result. We think the TiDB and Coprocessor is consistent if the results in both sides are same, vice versa.
We use `github.com/pingcap/parser` to parse every file, and iterator the []ast.StmtNode to run every SQL.
So if there is any error in the test SQL file, the error msg is hard to read. Creating the database and tables in you local database

> and use IDE(such as CLion) to write SQL file as test case is recommended.

Author: This part is copied from https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-test/pull/857/files#diff-9f0ba7bf050d89f7f897d1996da662b4R6, @H-ZeX PTAL

The `Coprocessor` contains two execution frameworks, `Batch` (vectorized execution engine) and `Non-Batch` in current
stage (remove the `Non-Batch` version is in plan). So all test cases should be passed in the following execution environment.

1. TiDB with mocktikv

> 2. TiDB + TiKV with Non-Batch

Author: ```suggestion
- TiDB + TiKV with Non-Batch
```

> 3. TiDB + TiKV with Batch

Author: ```suggestion
- TiDB + TiKV with Batch
```

### How do I know which expressions will be pushed down?

The `Coprocessor` does not implement all builtin functions (or implemented but not tested fully) which have implemented by TiDB,
so we can only push down the functions that Coprocessor has implemented and fully tested. Whether a function is pushed down or not

> is determined by the function `canFuncBePushed` in TiDB [tidb-expression/expr_to_pb.go](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/a090e6be2991bf85b18fcdb096f84d41f4f6bd85/expression/expr_to_pb.go#L303)

Author: OK

> We have added a failpoint `PushDownTestSwitcher` in the function `canFuncBePushed` to hijack our customized push down condition.

Author: How about adding a link here?

    ```sql
    create table tb2
    (
    date datetime,
    date_2 datetime,
    date_3 datetime
    );
    insert into tb2 (date, date_2, date_3)
    values ('1-1-1:10:10', '1-2-1:10:10', '1-2-1:10:10');
    select *
    from tb2;
    SELECT CAST(date AS time), cast(date_2 as date), cast(date_3 as date)
    from tb2;
    ```

## How to run it in local environment?

Because of the `copr-test` is the integration test for TiKV Coprocessor, so there is a minimal requirement if you want
run the integration test in your local environment.

### Minimal requirement components

- PD: [PD](https://github.com/pingcap/pd) is the abbreviation for Placement Driver. It is used to manage and schedule the TiKV cluster.

    1. Make sure ​Go​ (version 1.12) is installed.
    2. Use `make` to build the PD (the binary will be placed in the `bin` directory).

- TiKV: [Building and setting up a development workspace](https://github.com/tikv/tikv/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#building-and-setting-up-a-development-workspace)
- TiDB: [Building TiDB on a local OS/shell environment](https://github.com/pingcap/community/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#building-tidb-on-a-local-osshell-environment)

> The `copr-test` integration test will retrieve the source code of the TiDB master branch automatically (but you can specify the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `copr-test` integration test retrieves the source code of the TiDB master branch automatically, but you can also
```

> TiDB source code path by `$tidb_src_dir` instead of using remote latest TiDB source code), so you should only prepare

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specify a local path by using `$tidb_src_dir`. This  means you should only prepare
```
